npm packages -- use ncu to update packages to most current
-------------

1. helmet
2. keycloack w/ nextauth
3. react form hooks
	seem to be better suited for lightweighter quick forms, form builder also seems to be a great time saver.
4. svgo, for svg optimizations
5. mantine, for ui library, maybe
6. zod, for validation, alt to YUP but not native for formik validation, more useful for api and adding to TS runtime type validating (TS does not runtime validate just like JS, this helps catch those errors) ***
7. msw, mocking server package
8. cypress, tester package
9. easy-peasy, another minimal state management library
10. immer immutable objects management library
11. config npm package to make it easy to make customizable
12. debug https://www.npmjs.com/package/debug 
13. jest / mocha testing frameworks
14. supertest HTTP server testing library
15. fanthom for website analytics, googlem analytics is currently banned in EU
16. faker js creating test data
17. story book for creating components in isolation
18. Pandoc   a universal document converter
19. strongloop process manager - hosting node apps easier, auto restart
20. tina, open source headless cms
21. keystone, headless cms seems to be partnered with prisma
22. directus, headless cms that can be used with existing sql database, current best choice.
23. winston logger, semi-atl to morgan that requires customization, but combined with morgan gives us the power of the defaults for morgan.
24. lodash, small utility library with a lot of useful functions


TODO
-------

system design document and architectural diagrams

1. when user is logged in and tried to got to home page redirect to app before homepage content shows. 
2. fix administration page layout, use react query to handle client side query.
3. choose pickup routes instead of drivers for pickups, drivers get route, will havve option to choose driver also since its mostly done expect error checking
4. add  to the prisma schema one table for routes/areacode list and add relation to order for those routes. every order has a route, many orders in the tables have each one routes from many routes list, which will be seperated by warehouse those routes are centered around. 
5. lot of filtering options for assigning pickup routes
6. stops for tmmr become a invoices after completed, same thing but make them different 
7. checkbox selection for batch assingment of driver, checkobx on the right is checked if a diriver has been assigned
8. filter date, not aissgned has to be select to be able to click assign in current website, then zone , then checkbox, select driver then assign zone.
9. value of the container, value collected, leftover balance, close invoice = account for every item in container after second check  , close warehouse = after containter leaves warehosue and the trucker is pad, 
10. branches can be managed by inter branch authorized workers, sect and admin, 
11. Client Relation Manager for handling concerns and questions. 
12. whats app intergration for crm
13. fix refresh token for nextauth

14. use morgan and winston together to full level of logging (lower priority)




QUESTIONS
--------------

1. how to seperate the logic for multiple offices in the same business, 
2. how are they host or were they hosting the original website.\
3. any owner/ top role specific tasks 
4. 
-

DONE TODOS
-----------